it's day 2 of the Western & Southern
Open in Cincinnati the clouds cleared at
the Linder family Tennis Center as the
remaining first-round matches got
underway Agnieska advanced gears search
for a first WTA title of the year goes
on the 13th seed got her latest attempt
to break her 2015 duck underway against
young Slovakian and ash medal over a
player she beat early in the year the
Miami Masters shred over though has won
two titles herself this year and looked
confident from the off the
twenty-year-old took a 4-2 lead before
advanced care found her touch and the
match soon developed into one of the
highest quality
wonderful gets there Radovan secure
broke in the 8th to set up a set point
and it's taken in some style rush
maneuver wasn't going to back down as
she dominated the second although
Radovan skill was still producing
moments of magic gets it back it wasn't
enough though Ashe middle of a foster
decider fantastic we want more what a
set up tennis the Slovakian took her
form into the third opening up for one
gal in a game full of quality shots it
would be red van Scoy who had produced
the best of the lot oh what a shot
that's a trick shot it was too little
too late for the poll though men were
taping the third set 6 1 and arguably
the biggest scalp of the tournament so
far fresh from her win in Toronto last
week rising star but Linda been Church
is making a name for herself of a WTA
Tour her opponent was Angelique Kerber
who already has four titles to her name
this year but it was 18 year old Ben
Church you started the stronger breaking
for a second time to go 4-1 ahead in the
first set the German is never one to
give up though an impressive comeback
seeing her square the set at five all
very small very intelligent used to the
court it whilst and Carver but it was
all in vain the Fenchurch found form
once more when it mattered to take the
opener now up to 12th in the world
the Swiss continued to show her immense
promise in the second good reaction to
the net board
Kerber once again bounced back from a
break down the bench each couldn't be
tamed another break in Game seven and a
brilliant backhand put the pressure on
Kerber the German ending with a whimper
has been church moves into the second
round at Cincinnati for the first time
in a good match with good rallies and
I'm very happy that I managed to do that
quickly to this courts new balls and new
stadium so yeah it went well
it went well for me Carla suárez Navarro
was looking to get her North American
summer season back on track but her woes
continued against the inform Sloane
Stephens as the American race to a 5-1
lead in the opener of their first round
clash there were moments of class from
Suarez Navarro showing why she's climbed
into the top ten this season
well played great court coverage but it
wasn't enough an eighth ceiling the
first set of Stephens who is the look of
a very satisfied coach she continued to
pile on the pressure in the second with
an early break the winners kept coming
for the home favorite Spanish opponent
left topless oh my goodness
Stevens won her first ever WTA event in
Washington earlier this month and was in
no mood to hang around here another
break leaving her to serve for the match
a backhand sealing it for the American
taking the match in straight sets as she
marches on everything so I've been
playing well so that's been really nice
and just trying to keep the good
momentum obviously coming off of the
title is always really great so I want
to keep the good momentum we're going
into US Open meanwhile Eugenie Bouchard
hopes of turning her disappointing 2015
around took a positive turn as she moved
into the second round
the 21 year old Canadian overcoming
Ukraine's kateryna Bondarenko in
straight sets 7-5 7-5 venus williams
called time on her efforts in cincinnati
she pulled out of her second round match
due to illness and 2011 winner Maria
Sharapova's tournament has also ended
prematurely the Russian citing a leg
injury yeah it's a tough decision to
make
but I think a wise one in order to give
myself the right amount of time to be as
healthy as I can be for the open which I
I believe is very realistic it's good
news for Sharapova's opponent Ferrara
that Shenko and anna ravana bitch who
was due to face venus the Serbian moves
into the third round without hitting a
ball they three at the Western &
Southern Open will finally see the round
two matches get underway and the star
attraction is in town top seed serena
williams will begin her title defense on
center Bulgaria's return apparent over
stands in her way
third and four seed Simona Halep and
Petra Kvitova
so in action as the build-up to the US
Open continues in Ohio